from zero to the [music] trader in 30
days. Today we had our first trade and
on the first day what you really need to
pay attention to is if the execution
[music] of your entry respected the
entry conditions and the same for your
exit. The trade open exactly after we
broke the previous day's eye and the
data flipped from negative to positive
[music] confirming our entry has been
executed perfectly. About our exit, we
ended up [music] hitting our stop loss
after exactly 18 bars, losing $100. Is
it a reason to start panicking and stop
trading [music] it? Nope. Because we are
very much within our risk parameters. We
know that the average bars of losing
trades [music] is 18.7 and we know the
number of consecutive losers in the past
was 14. The average retail [music]
trader will see this day as a loss and
will start pressuring what he's doing.
On that trend, we go knowing our
strategy trades perfectly [music] by
itself. Meaning we can trust it will
execute future trades correctly too. And
we're not panicking because we know
[music] how to understand if a loss is
within our expected range or not. And
that's what makes [music] you an unaware
trader.